♪ Do you have the time to listen to me whine ♪
♪ About nothing and everything all at once? ♪
♪ I am one of those ♪
♪ Melodramatic fools ♪
♪ Neurotic to the bone ♪
♪ No doubt about it ♪
♪ Sometimes I give myself the creeps ♪
♪ Sometimes my mind plays tricks on me ♪
♪ It all keeps adding up ♪
♪ I think I'm cracking up ♪
♪ Am I just paranoid ♪
♪ Or am I just stoned? ♪
♪ I went to a shrink ♪
♪ To analyze my dreams ♪
♪ She says it's lack of sex that's bringing me down ♪
♪ I went to a whore ♪
♪ He said my life's a bore ♪
♪ So quit my whining 'cause it's bringing her down ♪
♪ Sometimes I give myself the creeps ♪
♪ Sometimes my mind plays tricks on me ♪
♪ It all keeps adding up ♪
♪ I think I'm cracking up ♪
♪ Am I just paranoid? ♪
♪ Ah, yeah, yeah, yeah ♪
♪ Grasping to control ♪
♪ So I better hold on ♪
♪♪
♪ Sometimes I give myself the creeps ♪
♪ Sometimes my mind plays tricks on me ♪
♪ It all keeps adding up ♪
♪ I think I'm cracking up ♪
♪ Am I just paranoid? ♪
♪ Or am I just stoned? ♪
♪♪